the US Army task Pelican with building a
mobile tool chest they have to keep
equipment running even in the harshest
conditions so arriving with your tools
complete and organized is
mission-critical over a two-year period
of intensive design and testing Pelican
products built the world's toughest
mobile tool chest how do we know it's
the toughest over 70 tests were required
including water submersion extreme
temperature and drop tests the zero for
50 passed them all and now it's ready
for civilian use to open the 0 4 50 lift
the top and drop the front to access a
full set of shallow and deep drawers now
let's take a look at some of these
features stainless steel hinge pins
provide extra protection from impact and
raised ribs are designed to stop the lid
at 180 degrees when open to serve as a
workspace supporting up to 50 pounds the
zero 450 can even help you eliminate
fought or foreign object damage caused
by tools left in aircraft engines or
other sensitive equipment color contrast
design tells you at a quick glance if
all the items are accounted for and
custom foam sets old tools securely with
precise friction fit engineers plan your
foam for the most efficient tool layout
your phone was then cut using you to
water jets die cut or CNC routers the
zero 450 incorporates the same robust
design of pelicans patented double throw
latch but it's been upgraded with a
metal butterfly compression latch
another neat feature the zero 450 case
is that you can slide the tool trays
right out in order to take to where the
work is the zero 450 has two built-in
automatic pressure equalization valves
one for the top lid and the second for
the main compartment they make opening
the case easier after altitude changes
but balancing the air pressure inside
the case with the ambient pressure this
tool chest comes in two configurations
the 0 for 50 WD or with drawer comes
with one top tray 6 shallow drawers and
one deep throat
the 0 for 50 in D or no drawer
configuration comes with these movable
slides so you can choose between any
combination of shallow and deep drawers
and these drugs are sold separately the
0 for 50 has 2 inch wide polyurethane
wheels which make rolling over soft
terrain easier and by locating them on
the back of the chest they offer a wide
stable track this also creates more
usable drawer space within the case
because there's no wheel obstruction if
creating a custom foam set is too
complicated you might look at pelicans
elastic strap system nylon bands hold
the tools securely in place in both a
vertical and horizontal layout the extra
wide handles make easy work of a two-man
lift and when it's in the tool chest
position they're still deep enough to
get the job done the new 0 450 tool
chest it's mobility and organization and
its public and tough